I was a little skeptical of Insights at first. When I opened the tool and started working with it, what I was seeing was not lining up with the tutorial instructions. Immediately I thought here we go again, another tutorial where I am struggling to make it through. But, I was pleasantly surprised. After figuring out how the work space and the map cards worked I really found this to be a useful tool. Sometimes I struggle in the Pro tools with the best ways to visualize my data for individuals who aren't well versed in geo spatial visualizations. But I found this tool incredibly helpful in providing a quick analysis of the data and a visual that doesn't appear so overbearing. I also really appreciated that when using the table functionality of the cards the analytics card provides the options of how is it distributed, how is it related, what's nearby, how has it changed in order to see what tools perform those functions. When working in Pro I can't always remember what tools like union or append are supposed to do, so it was nice to see those binning categories to know what kind of analysis the tool is going to perform. Below are how my maps turnout out. 

[

It is amazing to me the volume of distribution to this county in West Virginia. I can only imagine what the map and table would look like if we were using a larger city like New York. But I think it tells a lot about the pharmaceutical market that there are so few distributors selling this large amount of pills. 

Overall, I think that Insights is a great tool for people who want a better (in my opinion) mapping tool than what Tableau has to offer but not quite as advanced as the Pro tools. I think it provides a quick analysis that is very functional. The mapping features might not be as detailed as was the Pro tools provide, but if you just need a quick way to visualize data it looks nice and the functionality tool works really well.

I'm already starting to think about how helpful I think this tool will be for my systems project. I was thinking about how coropleth or density maps might not be the best visualizations to represent my data. After working with this tool and thinking about my audience, I'm really excited to see how I can change my visualizations to provide better use and functionality for my client. So, thanks for providing this tutorial at the perfect time!
